chore(docs): add troubleshooting guide for mac arm64 (#92)
Kong/lua-resty-aws: README.md

    cd lua-resty-aws
    make install

> ### Troubleshooting
> If you are MacOS(arm64) user and encounter `fatal error: 'expat_config.h' file not found
> #include "expat_config.h"` error when install, please make sure you have `expat` in your system.   
> If this error still happen, please add `EXPAT_DIR` parameter when install:   
> ```
> luarocks install lua-resty-aws EXPAT_DIR=/path/to/expat
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Troubleshooting

MacOS has a known issue that the libexpat header file 'expat_config.h' is missing. If you run into that issue, install libexpat manually (eg. `brew install libexpat`). And then include the libexpat location when installing;
        luarocks install lua-resty-aws EXPAT_DIR=/path/to/expat

Details: https://github.com/lunarmodules/luaexpat/issues/32
```

Reviewer: change of wording

Author: done. thanks @Tieske
